Shyness is the fear of negative judgment, while introversion is simply the preference for less stimulation. Shyness is inherently uncomfortable; introversion is not. The traits do overlap, though psychologists debate to what degree.- Susan Cain "Quiet: The Power of Introverts"http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/01/24/the-power-of-introverts-a_n_1229320.html?icid=maing-grid7|aim|dl14|sec1_lnk3&pLid=130534

Everyday put in your Phil. 4:8 contacts and only see what is pure and good and lovely and excellent and praiseworthy because  ”If you dislike someone, the way they hold their fork will make you furious. But if you like them, they can turn their plate over in your lap and you won’t even mind.” -http://www.aholyexperience.com/2010/06/5-ways-to-make-marriage-last/

Great faith is the product of great fights. Great testimonies are the outcome of great tests. Great triumphs can only come out of great trials. -Smith Wigglesworth

"Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves."

Homeschool couldn't possibly teach students correctly; the same way you can't possibly eat well except at public restaurants.-David Pennington

“suffering produces character, and character produces hope, and hope does not disappoint us.”

Tattoos = Admitting your body is just an old junker
When people ask me why I don't have any tattoos I ask them "Would you put a bumper sticker on a Ferrari?"


You're so young, way too young to be worried about not being smart enough. Until you're so old you start going senile, you have the opportunity to make yourself "smarter." And I put that in quotes because "smart" is really just a way of saying "has invested so much time and sweat that you make it look effortless." -- Inri137 - Reddit.com

Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.

One hand to shake, one neck to choke.

Zero to Hero (in 24 minutes)

"See daddy? All the keys are in alphabetical order now."

Tact: Making a point without making an enemy!

Time is a great teacher, unfortunately it kills all of its pupils. — Louis Hector Berlioz

Sarcasm is the body's natural response to stupid

The grass may be greener on the other side but at least you don’t have to mow it.

silence is golden.
duct tape is silver.

I’m definitely a morning person but often choose to sleep straight through it.

I ain’t sleeping. I am just looking into my eyelids.

You: Did you just fall.?
Me: No the ground just came up and smacked me in my face

Me: What’s wrong? Are you NEW!
You: Right outta the package…!


“You don’t become great by trying to be great. You become great by wanting to do something, and then doing it so hard that you become great in the process.” (c) xkcd #896

Over the hill... And gaining speed! (Not slower with age - just getting going)

No relationship is all sunshine, but two people can share one umbrella and survive the storm together. - LiveHappy.com

